d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\LoginPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\LoginPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\LoginPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\LoginPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\InformationalApp.Windows.xr.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\InformationalApp.Windows.exe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\InformationalApp.Windows.pdb
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\InformationalApp.Windows.build.appxrecipe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\InformationalApp.Windows.exe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\InformationalApp.Windows.pdb
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\InformationalApp.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\InstitutionPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\InstitutionPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\InstitutionPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\InstitutionPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\InstitutionPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\CoursePage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CoursePage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CoursePage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CoursePage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\CoursePage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\PossibleCareerPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\PossibleCareerPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\PossibleCareerPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\PossibleCareerPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\PossibleCareerPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\DashBoardPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DashBoardPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DashBoardPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DashBoardPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DashBoardPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HowTheyWorkPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HowTheyWorkPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HowTheyWorkPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\HowTheyWorkPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InformationalApp\InformationalApp\InformationalApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\HowTheyWorkPage.xbf
